= Redmine/ChiliProject Activity Module Plugin

This Plugin makes activity a module, such that it can be activated and
deactivated on a per-project setting.

It also includes a migration which

* activates the newly introduced activity module in all existing projects
* adds the activity module to the set of default modules for new projects

It therefore simply restores the default Redmine/ChiliProject behaviour for all
existing projects. You may then selectively deactivate the activity module in
single projects selectively.


== Requirements

This plugin aims to be compatible with

* ChiliProject 1.x

It was developed on ChiliProject 1.1 and then backported to Redmine 0.9.
Currently it is only used with ChiliProject, so it may not run on Redmine
anymore. Use at own risk.

If you are running into compatibility issues, please report a bug in the
project's issue tracker.


== Installation

Please follow the default plugin installation instructions for
Redmine/ChiliProject.

Run the above mentioned migration at will.


== Deinstallation

Optionally run the down migration, that is included in this plugin. It will
remove the activity module from all places, where it might be stored in the
database. On the other hand, these stale records should not be harmful.

Afterwards simple remove the plugin's directory from your vendor/plugins
directory.


== Development

To run the tests, you will need a current version of our {Redmine/ChiliProject
Dev Tools}[https://github.com/finnlabs/redmine-dev-tools]. After running

    bundle install

You should be able to execute the tests with

    rake redmine:rspec:wiki_tabs

If these instructions are insufficient, please open a ticket in the GitHub issue
tracker with information, where you are stuck.


== Known issues

This plugin was mainly developed to deactivate the link in the main menu.
Unfortunately, this is not the only links targetting the activity control. There
are atom links in various places, e.g. each wiki page, that simply rely on the
fact, that there will always be an activity module. These links are currently
not removed.

== Licence

(c) 2011 - Gregor Schmidt - Finn GmbH

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2. See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.
